hello and welcome to WWE luxury telecom
today we're talking luxury watches and I
want to talk about how the world has
changed thanks to the Internet and the
price of air fares being so cheap now
for those of you who don't know i i've
recently just traded out of my wife's
she my wife had a beautiful yellow gold
Rolex president ladies that's the rolex
datejust it had a a diamond dial and I
fitted enough to make a diamond bezel in
the economy we're in now I sort of said
to my wife hey I think it might be a
time to UM it might be time to get
something just a smidgen more discreet
so so what I did was I am I started
looking around for a replacement watch
and eventually I went to our glass at
the gold coast and my wife fell in love
with her patek philippe 24 the small
size so okay this is Archie the
international businessman so what does
actually do I said to thee the story
said look my wife really loves this
steel Patek with thee the diamond dial
and diamonds on the side of the case how
much can you do it for this is Faraci
they said look the price is 15,000
australian dollars and they can do it
for ten percent discount and i said to
them I said guys ok thank thanks for
your pricing I'm really really keen ok I
don't want to fuck around I want to buy
it for my wife however same jewelry
store hourglass in bangkok thailand i
can buy it for full retail minus thirty
to thirty-five percent thirty percent
poor credit card thirty-five percent for
cash I said to the store manager come on
guys Jimmy your deal I want to buy I
don't want to fuck around I want to buy
and I prefer to buy locally no discount
no can do no can do well if you can't
fucking give me a discount mate I'm
on the next fucking plane to Bangkok and
I'll buy it my fucking self I'll get a
free trip to Bangkok and I'll get a
couple suits made tailor made bespoke
suits faraci no no they won't do it well
I mean I don't know what anyone thinks
these days but I mean fuck me dead patek
buyers are international people they're
no longer stuck in one shithole they
jump on an economy aircraft and buy
another one I mean fuck me dead the the
the times when you were stuck on one
island don't exist anymore I mean shit
economy effort even business class is
discounted business class tickets are
very very reasonable and I don't know
about you but when you fly business
class instead of hoping the trip will
get over you hope the trip stays longer
because you're having such a good time
the the airline steward has just tend to
be that little bit more prettier in
business class and they they tend to
have that little bit more of a smile I
don't know what it is must be the Archie
charm but I mean I said to the UM I said
to the the guy from our glasses it mate
if you can't fuck him give me a discount
I'm not going to fucking buy it from you
and the truth of the matter is Archie
doesn't even need to get on a stupid
plane because Archie has friends around
the world so what do that you do oh it's
simple Archie rings a a business
associate and says hey I want to protect
24 I want a black dial or a blue dial or
dark dial hunt around and see what you
can get me a bargain 14 now my friend
went to our glass and he could get one
for thirty-five percent off the cash but
he found a two year old one even cheaper
and I mean this is the whole thing this
was a two-year-old Patek twenty-four
seven and a half thousand half price for
a Patek I mean for God's sake why would
you pay fifteen thousand minus their
scrumming ten percent discount
what do you say to these fuckers I was
came to do business I wanted the fucking
watch they don't discount you don't
discount you're not going to have a
business I mean I think with the
internet the great thing is is that it
has leveled it has leveled the playing
field and it's about fucking time
because I mean fuck me dead luxury
buyers are not going to be used and
abused and I must say also as a bit of
an anecdote there I notice amiga has
opened in a boutique in Brisbane it's
next to the hardy brothers stores
actually run by hardy brothers I mean
luxury is not just a simple case of
charging full retail luxury need
substance and just charging full retail
we live in an international world where
people can get discount hong kong
singapore omega is slaughtered in price
they discount discount discount
retailers get your fucking head out of
the sand your days are numbered thanks
for watching and don't forget to come to
my website www Charita last calm thank
you